README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree
The repo stores all my projects for the Udacity Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree. 
Albeit a small step, it is an important one, one towards an exciting and rewarding career in machine learning and artificial intelligence!

## Contents
There are five projects in this repo:

1. [Predicting Boston Housing Prices](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P1)
2. [Building a Student Intervention System](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P2)
3. [Creating Customer Segmentations with Unsupervised Learning Techniques](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P3)
4. [Train a Smart Cab to Drive with Reinforcement Learning](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P4)
5. Identifying Dissatisfied Customers for Santander Bank with Machine Learning

## License
Released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add message for fellow Udacians

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree
The repo stores all my projects for the Udacity Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree. 
Albeit a small step, it is an important one, one towards an exciting and rewarding career in machine learning and artificial intelligence!

## Contents
There are five projects in this repo:

1. [Predicting Boston Housing Prices](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P1)
2. [Building a Student Intervention System](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P2)
3. [Creating Customer Segmentations with Unsupervised Learning Techniques](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P3)
4. [Train a Smart Cab to Drive with Reinforcement Learning](https://github.com/georgeliu1998/machine-learning-engineer-nanodegree/tree/master/P4)
5. Identifying Dissatisfied Customers for Santander Bank with Machine Learning

## To Fellow Udacians
It's a great choice you made choosing Udacity! Just like me :-) Feel free to get inspiration here for your own projects. However, please do not copy and paste, since the most important thing is your understanding of the material and your own ability to tackle different problems, which cannot be achieved by simply using borrowed code. Best of luck with your study and stay Udacious! (Don't forget to [connect with me on LinkedIn](https://ca.linkedin.com/in/georgeliu2) to stay in touch)

## License
Released under the MIT license.
